see the self-service shredder and action
on the day that I first tried it out
how many might ready
you can show about 20 25 pages at a time
this will shred up 400 pages in two
minutes two other pages a minute
these are all old paycheck
that would be very sensitive time
thread another way how many would you
say shredded an hour
oh I don't know what an hour but I've
shredded over 400 in a minute my head my
control serious buying her flips all
bigger
watch it shredding these old pay stub my
fingers can't go in because the openings
are nice and narrow even a kid fingers
with students
tell me how far away the blade is from
what the first entry point is there's
two entry points but it's about just
under eight inches and you could take an
entire end
I'll stop today
we don't chat
surrounded all my old bank books earlier
great never could've done
you